Sape version 0.01
=================

How it works:
   Suppose the user has an account on Sape.ru. Using xml-rpc interface we fetch
   projects and links of the user.
   
   DataBase.
   All this info must be stored in db. On the testing
   stage we use sqlite3 database, later it can be moved to mysql.
   What operations we must do with db?
      1. Create user, create all his projects and links.
      2. Read all user info (projects and links) from db.
      3. Update projects (uncommon operation) and links (most often).
      4. Delete links. May be projects.
   What objects so we have?
      1. User. It can:
         create(login, password)
So Sape module contains 3 parts:
   rpc must 
The README is used to introduce the module and provide instructions on
how to install the module, any machine dependencies it may have (for
example C compilers and installed libraries) and any other information
that should be provided before the module is installed.

A README file is required for CPAN modules since CPAN extracts the
README file from a module distribution so that people browsing the
archive can use it get an idea of the modules uses. It is usually a
good idea to provide version information here so that people can
decide whether fixes for the module are worth downloading.

INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

DEPENDENCIES

This module requires these other modules and libraries:

  blah blah blah

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Put the correct copyright and licence information here.

Copyright (C) 2010 by sergey

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.10.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.


ТЗ:
   Раз в неделю проверяются все имеющиеся ссылки.
   Раз в час ищется, нет ли новых ссылок. Они тут же проверяются.
   Ссылки хранятся в базе вечно (ну, пусть, месяц после удаления).
   При занесении новой ссылки в базу проверяем, нет ли уже такой, если есть, то
   в поле err заносим, что ссылка участвует в 2+ проектах.
   